#RETWEET-#TFBJP
#RETWEET-#TFBJP -#MaxV
[violently cares more for fave member than own friends and family]
A hacker exposed Bush family emails, photos, and some amazing self-portraits by George W. Bush
Adam Carolla is Death on Family Guy??
Ah man today was so fun! Messing with the pooles again but were all a family
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it
Asked a family friend when is good to interview her for thesis, she says "two very bad times to reach me: while i'm starving and in a coma
Aughhhh missing home and dance and my family
Before bed, prays for their whole family
Blessed for all the family and friends I have
Blood makes you related. Loyalty makes you family
Dad: camping is a tradition in our family Me: ya it was in everyone's until we invented the house
Don't fuck with my friends, family, or money and we'll be fine
Ealing Job: Family Support Worker: Ealing, Greater London - Our client based with Ealing Council currently has
every family has one, we just happen to have two apparently
Everyone pray for David Macias he got in really bad car accident tonight please keep him and family in prayers thanks
excited to see William Cope Moyers & his family discuss and the family
Families don-t have to match.- Touching story of Super Bowl winner Michael Oher & power of adoption
family - Twitter Search
Family guy will give you the confidence to make your whole class laugh everyday
Family is most important
Family over all
Family"?
Get ready for two days of unbelievable Music, Soul, Family Festivities, Vendors, & Entertainment!
Gotta love the hog family!!!
has let the relentless Hound loose on my interracial family at:
Hehehe Hiding your favorite food from the rest of your family because you're a selfish bitch
Her avatar was their family portrait and her statuses all "my life is great I have a wonderful husband" all the while sh
Hiding your favorite food from the rest of your family because you're a selfish bitch
Honestly the only way this day could be worse is if I lost a family member
I can never get shit done when i'm with my family. Soo tryna study my chem vocab while everyone just sit around watching tv
I cannot take this cold weather. Someone take me down south where I belong, with the rest of my family
I could give less of a fuck if you're fighting with your bf or gf, horny, have family/friend issues, or that you don't have a valentine
I don't know what a functional family looks like anymore
I have them, yes.. But I don't have a complete family. I messed that up by leaving their father
I love how my family and close friends always check up on me. Even if its as something as short as "praying for you" it
I love my family more than my last breath
I love when people think they are "Italian" cause they eat sauce on Sunday. No you're right, and I'm Japanese cause my fami
I really want to see the addams family when it comes to the majestic
I want to follow a random family around Disneyland for a day and just be in the background of all their photos
I'm working hard for you so you can have the life, opportunity, and family atmosphere I never had. To my
Idk what's good with the Moton family but their assholes today. Must be in the water
If you are in Houston for All Star Weekend come check me out at the Active Faith & Family event!!
If Zayn deactivates again I'm going on a slaughter spree because some of you aren't careful with what you tweet Zay
In a couple of years we gone be RICH i got faith in my brother &when i SAY us i mean All of us d.i.p we taking everybody we a family right?
It's amazing if the father was angry, everypeople who disturb his family will be finish *bengong
keep your head up bro you and your family in my prayers
Literally want to cry for every family on
Looking At Family Guy && Listening Too Babydaddy Bitch Fa Nun
love you! I'm always here for you! Family is forever:)
Man FUCK THIS FAMILY
Me: "You're fat." Friend: "It runs in my family!" Me: "Dude, no one runs in your family
My basketball family <3
My close friends & family know I'm always here for them
My family >>>>> you're family
my family is coming....yeahh
My family is so Fuckn noisey I swear!
my family live at pahang de...oni me at kl study nia
My Family Members deserve Nothing But The Best!
My family strict rule;Holidays are for family outings,cancel other plans.Family comes first
My night life is surrounded by Twitter, American Dad, and Family Guy
My teammates are family
Not a chain, not "family-friendly." I'm taking out two moms with little kids who want to feel "normal" again. Anywhere in SJ
People just don't get it, especially my family. Wish they would stop stressing me more than I already am
Please pray for my family right now. My Mema fell tonight and is okay, but it's still scary. And please help me remember that
Prayers to 16 yr old Grace Pfister's family & friends she was last seen yesterday before midnight she's from Cin
S/O to for being like family to me and being my 4-h buddy. I love him to death & he's the nicest guy ever
S/o to my family and S/o to the nxt
Thank u for all the love towards my family!!! You guys are beyond amazing - love you forever
that's the saddest thing!
thats a joke and a half. My family is bearded and you're funny. Good luck!
The Brown family literally has the best genes
The is buzzing over to this Sat! Bring the family for a book reading and kid-s craft
The only people who have a right to oppose immigration into America are the Native Americans. Everyone else...go look up your family tree
the only thing in my life right now that I'm actually satisfied with is my family, nothing else
The REAL story of Aaron Swartz as told by those who knew him best--his family, friends, and his girlfriend:
The somerhalders R good ppl. check out their family business from and
These answers on Family Feud be so eff'n funny!
This is my pretty family line
To think I thought of you as family
True RT-@___ImTHRAX: I Miss Heritage. I HATE HIGHSCHOOL. Lbs. Too Many People. Heritage Was A Family
We are filming today with ! Dude welcome to the BTR family. Rushers show him some love with a follow!!
WE NOT FAMILY I JUST WANNA FUCK LOL
Welcome to the family Tony
well, hello stranger - even though we are family
What more can I get myself into? - You make we wanna say - Me, a family, a house, a family - Ooh, can we be a family?
when the strongest people in your family breaks down, it's so sad!
Who do you talk to on the phone most often? - Family
Wish my family could catch a break
Worked a 9-5, got a massage, did some grocery shopping, and cooked dinner for my family. Now to bake cookies and watch
yeah. Around 4:30 looked like a horrible day, but turned out to be an amazing family night. =) Something we all needed
