1st thing Stelmach did, 33% pay increase mla`s
????? BlackBerry 10 smartphones won't be sold in Japan
@AvrilLavigne: Great news... Picked my first single...."HERE'S TO NEVER GROWING UP"!!!!!
@tsbabyz: [NEWS] B.A.P releases video teaser for -One Shot
A 9-year-old gives birth, police are looking for the alleged 17-year-old father:
A few questions - NEWS FOCUS: Deal or no deal? | Irish Examiner: via
Activist shareholder demands shares more of its $137bn cash pile with investors
an anybody help me out? xx
Are Robots Killing Jobs or Creating Them?:
awwe! This made me cry! Love you and thankful for you!
Brand new making new jams. Best news I've heard all year
Breaking News: "Fox News credibility at record low
But this repackaged album news? NO is just NO, I'm not really fond of Only Love and I didn't even understand why he needs to
cannot believe this. OMG o: lol
Carolina Kl\u00fcft I cannot believe this teacher
Carolina Kl\u00fcft your such an inspiration, this made me cry
Celtics I CANNOT BELIEVE THIS HOMOPHOBIC POLITICIAN IS A FUCKED UP PERVERT
Ceres New Zealand expressing interest in Mainzeal
Chubb's Senior Fine Art Specialist Moves to Fireman-s Fund Go Michelle!!!
ctfu dude I laughed so hard
Did u see us on news 6pm?
E! Loves itty bitty Bruno Mars' movie cameo from 1992. You may want to sit down for this adorable video:
Ex-LA cop, murder suspect sent parcel to Anderson Cooper - CBS News
Finding out I'll be cruisin' with for spring break is definitely the most exciting news ever
First Lady Michelle Obama will attend the funeral of murdered Chicago Teen Hadiya Pendleton
Flights at Charlotte-Douglas canceled ahead of storm:
Four firefighters injured in stairwell collapse while fighting far north side fire
Great news... Picked my first single...."HERE'S TO NEVER GROWING UP"!!!!!
Great news... Picked my first single...."HERE'S TO NEVER GROWING UP"!!!!! Love it!!!!!
Had a lot of fun shooting this Simple Life episode with Nicole and Ke$ha. So funny
Had been watching the news, she'd know they described him as a sadist because he enjoys seeing people in pain
hahaha, this made me laugh seh. Hehe mwah! ?
Hearings scheduled for two gun issues
Honolulu traffic congestion is nearly the worst in the nation
i am really frustated now whenever i used to watch tv new rape case news is flashing again and again this tym a 3
I fumbled your heart, I'm bad for you. I'm bad news
I hate hearin bad news
I've heard too much bad news this month but all I can do is keep my head up and keep moving forward
In other news, I finished my midyear grades report! Yay!
iPhone bahahah this made me laugh. funny pic!
Iran's Khamenei Rejects Direct Nuclear Talks with U.S.: Iran's Supreme Leader rejects a U.S. offer to negotiate
is too
Islanders Haha I laughed so hard, I was under the impression that he came out years ago
it's so awesome. I laughed so hard. Hahaha Budaj
Jagr, Benn, and Roy bring the offense in the 3-2 OT victory over the . READ: Quick Recap
Jumped the toilet queue? Fuck off." Looool this made me laugh
Laura Bell Bundy Is Busting Country Music-s Fashion Criminals via
Liv I'm cryin'. Can anybody help me?
man i laughed so hard w tameria at marcus ass today !! West Indies
mary shut up I'm not in the mood I'm already crying I don news yo shit leave me alone ..... I'm no in the mood
More good news! Ours To Love, Wicked To Love, and Wicked All The Way will all be released in the Spanish language Spain) very soon!
Most mammals see, hear in stereo-only few can smell in stereo. Meet one that does:
MUST READ!!! CPF LUHULIMA'S PIECE!!!!! Indonesia and ASEAN beyond 2014 | The Jakarta Post
My brother and I laughed so hard when we saw this on YouTube. I wonder why they deleted it uu xD
news - Twitter Search
NEWS -Side effects of omeprazole
no they were old as hell and just stared at me while I laughed so hard I cried United Kingdom
nooo idea what im going to write about!
ok this made me cry my belly hurts now loooooooool Budaj
omg i love you so much for this
OMG this made me laugh really loudly while everyone else in my house is trying
out your money issues. Jesus christ
Panetta, Dempsey Admit Supporting Plan to Arm Syrian Rebels: Obama's two top defense officials tell Senate they
Probe Adds to Rating Firms' Woes Street Journal): Share With Friends: | | World News - Asia Stories, RSS
Read the full Suarez interview about YNWA and life at Anfield here:
Reality TV Singing Sensation Carly Rose Sonenclar highlights 10th Annual Kids Party for a Cure htt
ReTWeeT IF YOU FOLLOW-BACK BREAKING NEWS: FOLLOW ALL WHO
Rondo This made me cry
San Francisco is trying to figure out what can be done to decrease the soaring number of smartphone thefts in the c
Sergio spread this important news. You may have someone close that can benefit from this article!
Shade with your big girl/boy words. Don't resort to the things that make TB look like the chicks on the news with the multicolored weave
So rogue former LAPD officer on a killing spree is a LEFT-WING Terrorist. How did you miss that,
Sounds lol I know I laughed so hard!
Steelers DE Brett Keisel chops off beard for charity
Taylor Swift 'sex tape' is Facebook scam - Fox News GGNews
Tentmonster News is out! - Top stories today via
The 2013 Arizona Cardinals are making the playoffs. Really. Read it. My column on
The good news is we have an early dismissal tomorrow
The Office: Couples Discount: Episode 15 Season 9 - TV Review: With -Couples Discount-, fans are p
This bastard just needs to be taken out back the courthouse and shot in the head
This good news I got today >>>>
this made me cry, wow so much i can relate to thank you fir sharing your story
This made me cry... while driving
This made me laugh hahah! MY FIVE HUSBANDS
this made me laugh so much i cried
Though It Might Take Out a Couple Satellites, This Asteroid Will Not Destroy... - via Yahoo! Tech News
Tilaknagar Industries Q3 total revenue at Rs1,816.3mn
to invest $42 million in and facilities
TOI- Blizzard threat grounds more than 2,600 flights in US: Boston and Providence, Rhode Island, called off scho
Tune in today at 2 p.m. EST to hear about an asteroid that will pass close, but safely, by Earth on Feb. 15
Turkey Denies U.S. Complained Over Comments Against Israel: Turkey denies that the United States expressed conce
Vanina Wow I cannot believe this rest in peace Carissa may god be with you
victory over made local news in This Illinois girl is Now let's keep it going So
What an awesome dad is and what an appalling fool the woman that abused him has made of herself. htt
What?!?!?! Whaaaaaaaat!!!?????
win 4th straight game to sweep a two-game road trip with 4-1 victory over Wild. The Goods:
Yeaah, I know. Speaking of which, my school is on the news again. lol with that I shall say goodnight and I'll see you this weekend!
you mean ?
