@evelynized: 57 degrees at the hottest in a skirt... I wouldnt mind too much but being allergic to the cold sucks ****" WHAT
@LoopyBloggerNYC: If your cold cuts ain-t from boarsHead you are a clown !!! lol but u speak !
a cold hearted bitch
And now I got cold
are either red hot or ice cold
Are you cold? Ecclesiastes 4:11
But I straight supported Norths 10-11 soccer team.... fucking cold... now they're weak
But im cold now
but you're a man! And I'm 95% surrounded by them being those few degrees warmer than I and therefore not feeling cold!
CNT WORK WIT FEELIN CUZ DIS A COLD WORLD!! AND DNT NO MF CARE HOW U FEEL OR FELT I JUS TELL EM KISS.MY ASSSSSS
cold
cold - Twitter Search
Cold Asf texting dis gook
Cold ass snow <<<
Cold ass world got this food & now i aint got noooo kinda appetite, urgg
cold la . I need hug
Cold pizza!
Cold+rain+me= your perfect night
Cracked open a cold one
crazy storms, lose power because of storms, extreme cold, extreme cold with no power, super hot, super hot with no power, snow for months
Detroit can make you cold-hearted
Eh boy can u see how cold my replies are ? Just end the convo can -.- knn
Electric blankets on a cold winter night
Entrepreneur: Natural Remedies to Battle the Cold and Flu
Feeling regretful for big mistakes has never been so painful and formidable. Cold night and deep blues:/
Frozen mastiffs
Fuck all that love shit, I laugh when I call you a slut cause it's funny.-" Cold Wind Blows x Eminem
Fucken junnie left us outside in the freezing cold
Fucking cold
Good weed and cold drinks that's the mf recipe
he looks cold in that wonderland
He said and he not even cold hahaha
Heard some hippy order unsweet terrorist tea. Hit him with a Stone Cold titty twister, stood over his crippled body and
Hot and cold at the same time !
I am freezing... Chow so cold.... Chow so cold
I don't drink soda but a Cold Sprite would hit right now
I don't even know how to dress for cold weather
I get cold so easily
I need to wash dishes, but my bathroom is reallllly cold
I remember playing the cold North squad back in the day
I swear if I had my dog here I wouldn't feel so lonely in this cold room. She is really my baby. I love her so much
I'm bout to put her ass out in tha cold
I'm cold
I'm cold bruhh
I'm cold, I need a hug, and I really want to be cuddled
I'm cold, I'm tired, I want this paper to write itself and I wanna cuddle
I'm cold.. Come over?
I'm so cold
I'm so cold , okay bye
I'm so cold for some reason
I'm so cold. Ugh
I've been here for less than 12 hours and I already can't wait to go back
I've extreme cold
Ice cold water is by far the best drink when you are thirsty
Idk how y'all attention craving females are going out tonight in this cold ass rain. Ain't nobody got time for that
in cold dreams
It's cold and I don't want to be here
It's cold n my room tho
Its Cold Asf
its too cold to get up
Its too damn cold outside man, that winds a killer
lt is so cold at the Mall and l cannot believe EVERYONE is staring at my nipples!
McDonald's fries nasty af when they get cold
My head hurt n nose is stopped up I hope I'm not coming down with nothing worse than a head cold
my heart just cold yo. Iont know how else to put it
Naw. I don't have one hahaha. No but it's gonna be to cold cuhh
Need a good ole cold one
no matter how cold i am, i can't sleep with sweatshirts or socks on
NOW IM LYING ON THE COLD HARD GROUND
Of all the girls tossin' rocks at your window, I'll be the one waitin' there even when it's cold
Omg it's so cold all I wanna do right now is cuddle!
Ready for my snuggle buddy to come home. It's cold in this room Hurry up please!!
revenge in hockey is best served cold buddy! Go wings!
Room is cold as fuck. More covers
safe to say that nothing will top Beijing's opening ceremonies
Smh she said ima cold-hearted bitch lol
So Cold Hearted
so cold outside
So I was freezing cold 2min ago then opened up my email and saw something that I was dreading. Now I'm so hot!
Somebody go get me a cold rag to put on my forehead I almost had a heat stroke I got so mad at my last tweet
Sounds pretty cool. Charge your phone with a cold beer via
Thank god it's not cold out tonight
That *still* makes my blood run cold. The drivers response makes me want to ask if this is 80-s South Africa!
The cold weather was mad for the white folks
The first time around you were so good to me.. but now im out here in the cold, with just my own hands to hold
The smell of rain on a cold Friday afternoon
The worst feeling is when the cold hits right between your knees...and then your knees start squeaking
There hasn't been a rapper this cold since 2pac was froze & thawed out for a day at a cochlea show
This is how I make the best out of COLD ASS NORTH DAKOTA..fresh purple Pak and Granddaddy chocolate chip
Ugh I am so cold, someone come warm me up please? I-d love to cuddle with someone
When I'm cold I got to sleep with my sister and when she cold she sleeps with me it's a sister thing
When the room is cold>>>>
Why can't you be cold like any old good ex would do?
Why do we miss the heat in Winter and the cold in Summer? Because you're supposed to miss things once they slip away
Worst cold evarrrr
Yo Hot Ahh Needa Go Get In A Cold Shower Or Sumn !
You are more likely to have a bad dream if you sleep in a cold room
You got problems I'm sore, I have piles of unfinished paper, I'm hungry, I need water, I'm cold, I'm sleepy. What is this
your hot im cold
