110 IOF Officers, Settlers Storm Al-Aqsa Mosque, Situation on Alert
@mattianwilson: Chris Huhne's text messages with his son have you seen this ?
A crazy idea that would be failure on a grand scale
Also, I understand that politics governing hundreds of millions of people) is the most difficult occupation in the world, but
And fuck you if you think that talking politics is distasteful or socially embarassing
At the Wheeler Centre:
BBC News - Government to blame for benefits assessment misery, say MPs Amazing BBC reporting somethin
because of this , I dispise politics "" New York
Bill Clinton CHEATS AGAIN?!!! WTF
Boxing ring had two men, one a Con the other a winner.Patrick Brazeau may be held overnight after alleged assault
Brennan Hearing Halted Amid Protests
Brennan Hearing Halted Amid Protests: John Brennan couldn't get a word in at first. When he fina
Brennan Hearing Halted Amid Protests: John Brennan couldn't get a word in at first. When he finally did, he defe
Can the Government Collect Your DNA Without a Warrant? SCOTUS Will Decide. | Alternet
Can't type fast enough to use the stupidity is coming too fast, should never drink and talk politics at the same time
Check out my channel Fox News Politics featuring
Churches and dictators, politics and papers, everything crumbles sooner or later
City Council begins the fight over property-tax overhaul
Colorado Democrats want gun manufacturers held liable for crimes committed with their guns | Fox News
come play for us in the island lot of fans here
Cristian goes from politics to sushi
Damn - this is the reason I dispise politics
Damn - this is why I hate politics "" Budaj
Damn -- because of this , I personally don't like politics
Did PAP really lose Punggol East because of "by-election" effect?
do politics
Don't be too extreme on politics. First they might appear to be sincere, then they will play with ur trust
Food for thought: Social media isn-t just for broadcasts - it-s also for conversations says
Fox News Claims Solar Won't Work in America Because It's Not Sunny Like Germany
Fox News Poll: Voters say country weaker now than before Obama took office | Fox News via
Free Don Siegelman Shirt
Futility of Iranian-Egyptian cooperation - Trend.Az
Ha! Congressional staffer reportedly fired over -Broke Girls- tweet | The Ticket - Yahoo! News
I enjoyed My shirts and Pants bcz politics is every where it is in shirts & Pants - Rahul BaBa
I have just read this article on
i know u stay away from politics but... any comments on the iron token being retired from Monopoly in favor of a cat token?
I say next episode I give Olivia and Fitz til' season 3 to resume the fucking and talking about politics s
I think there is a facial hair drought when it comes to politics
Idaho Senate committee backs state-based insurance exchange
If only white men voted, this would be a drastically different country with drastically different politics
if you don't know anything about politics shut the fuck up.... Cause you sound fucking illiterate rn and it a piss me off
Journal of International Politics is out!
Juggling Marathoner Crowdfunds Thousands for Senegalese Kids
Lawmakers divided on Postal Service plan - Lawmakers wrestled Thursday with how to address Postmaster General Patric
Led Protest Movement Takes On Government via
Letters to Newtown via
Liv kept it real, he can't do multiracial politics this isn't the time shit, our nation wouldn't even do it
Logitech CEO: Expect -Stream of Innovation
Marco Rubio: 'There is only one savior, and it is not me
Mary Landrieu will vote to confirm Chuck Hagel as defense secretary
Mr compares our memorial service to supporting al-Qa'ida in his latest article |
N.J. Senate advances bill to limit teen use of tanning salons
National ID System Coming to United States?
New review of former TARP inspector Neil Barofsky's wild book, "Bailout," which is out in paperback this week
News! Maryland Politics: Miller laments not seeing president
NEWS: Governor candidates warned to use social media carefully - The
No dumbass....Drones are used to kill terrorist...how do you feel being on the side of Al-Qaeda you pencil neck geek
Nothing is so admirable in politics as a short memory
NTSB: Boeing Tests Should Have Shown Danger: Tests by Boeing that were approved by the Federal A
NTSB: Boeing Tests Should Have Shown Danger: Tests by Boeing that were approved by the Federal Aviation Administ
NZ POLITICS DAILY: A three or four year term?
Pentagon to cut aircraft carrier presence in Persian Gulf to 1 due to budget strains | Fox News
Pffft.. who needs evidence. This is politics
Politics - Abe's push for radical BOJ head meets resistance via
politics - Twitter Search
Politics aside, the fact that he just shit on his $5M contract was very selfish
Politics of Christie's Weight
Proud to host Nina Dudnik of last week, who brought scientific equipment to the developing world
Quinn's ethics proposal raises questions NWITimes
Really? You don't say ... ... ... I'm trying to refrain from saying I told you so ... ... ... I TOLD YOU SO!
Removing senators a difficult task under the Constitution - A prestigious seat in the Canadian Senate is nearly a li
seen as an internal story, part of politics between bnp and al
Senator Patrick Brazeau And Convenient Political Ethics | A Bear's Rant
Senator Patrick Brazeau And The Convenient Situtational Ethics Of Politics | A Bear's Rant
sigh
Slaying the Politics Dragon
Some U.S. diplomatic posts violating security standards: report: WASHINGTON - Some U.S. dipl
Sweden: a country that unlike Germany ''never denazified'' after World War II Farrelly SMH
Taibbi Visits With Bill Moyers on Criminal Banks via
Tf wrong wit a nigga watching It's violence, sex and politics. Who the fuck is running this imaginary "cool board"?
The dominoes are falling: EU ends -boycott- of Modi
The fuck you mean MacBeth is good?!! My Politics books punk on your gay ass poetry bitch
The Never-Ending Smartphone Checking Cycle
The weather is certainly scarier than the US government's legal justification for killing Americans with drones
There's thousands of cover ups in politics, but Manning exposed our National Security, someday you'll get it
Thnx MT This congressman was shot & paralyzed at 16. His fight for stronger gun control
to outline Criminal Code changes Friday
Today, Brennan wouldn't deny the govt could order a drone strike on citizens *inside the US* and no one seemed to care. http
Trillanes zooms past Enrile son in survey
Tumblr Discovers Things That Fit Perfectly Into Other Things
Twitter Search Results Now Surface Old Tweets
Use social media carefully, governor candidates warned
Way To Go Idaho! Dilute the Progressive Virus Agenda ==>Idaho bill would require students to read 'Atlas Shrugged
What a shame. Saw you on The Shawn Insannity Comedy Hour. No wonder you and the rest of you Repubes play politics of fear
